The stinky girl owes the old lady money and wants to run away
I'll tell you what.
Not so easy
I will pay the money back
But not here
Hey everyone come and see
Take a look. Take a look.
This is called Xu Xi
I want you all to meet.
Do you recognize it?
Come and take a look, Xiaoxi
Who are they?
Hmph, this Xu Xi?
It's my own niece
He killed his parents
I kindly took him in and let him stay
The thought of him seducing my son
He stole my money and walked away
Your ability to beat the rake is really amazing
You ask your son
Who harassed whom?
Nonsense my son is honest
He didn't dare to look up when he saw a woman
You go to the street and ask
Go ask
Does anyone believe you?
Dare not look up, but dare to peek at the craftsmanship
Besides, when you lived in our house before
Go out every night
Come home in the wee hours of the morning
Who the hell knows
You are outside
What shameful things have you done?
Isn't this Seo Hee?
I heard that he entered the company to seduce the superior
I didn't expect it.
At first glance, she is not a good woman
How many men's hands do you have to climb over?
Oh, my own niece.
I won't tell you anything about you before
You're a human being now
Just give me that money back
You still have the face to ask for money
You
Yeah.
Are you alright, Mom?